https://github.com/AppXchange/Connector-OpenAI


https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/


# Build
cd desktop/connectors
mkdir connector-openai
cd connector-openai
xchange connector new --name OpenAI
cd connector


______


# Auth
https://docs.nanonets.com/reference/authentication
xchange client new --type Http --auth-type ApiKey


______


## Module 1: Endpoints
xchange module new --id endpoints-1 --name Endpoints --key endpoints --version 1


# Audio - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/audio
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/audio/json-object
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Transcription
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/audio/createTranscription
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Transcription --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Speech
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/audio/createSpeech
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Speech --name Create
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Translation
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/audio/createTranslation
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Translation --name Create


# Chat - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/get
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name ChatCompletion
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name ChatCompletion --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/update
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name ChatCompletion --name Update
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/delete
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name ChatCompletion --name Delete
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/list
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name ChatCompletionList
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/getMessages
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name ChatMessages




# Embeddings - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Embeddings
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/embeddings/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Embeddings --name Create


# Fine-tuning - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/retrieve
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FineTuningJob
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name FineTuningJob --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/cancel
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name FineTuningJob --name Cancel
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/list
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FineTuningJobs
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/list-events
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FineTuningEvents
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/fine-tuning/list-checkpoints
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FineTuningCheckpoints




# Batch - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/batch
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/batch/list
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name BatchList
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/batch/retrieve
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Batch
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/batch/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Batch --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/batch/cancel
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Batch --name Cancel




# Files - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files/list
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FileList
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files/retrieve
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name File
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name File --name Upload
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files/delete
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name File --name Delete
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/files/retrieve-contents
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name FileContent




# Uploads - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads/object
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Upload
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Upload --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads/add-part
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Upload --name AddPart
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads/complete
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Upload --name Complete
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/uploads/cancel
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Upload --name Cancel




# Images - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images/object
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Image
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Image --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images/createEdit
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Image --name CreateEdit
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images/createVariation
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Image --name CreateVariation


# Models - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/models
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/models/retrieve
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Model
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/models/list
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name ModelList
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/models/delete
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Model --name Delete




# Moderations - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/moderations
xchange data-object new --module-id endpoints-1 --name Moderation
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/moderations/create
xchange action new --module-id endpoints-1 --object-name Moderation --name Create








_______


## Module 2: Assistants
xchange module new --id assistants-1 --name Assistants --key assistants --version 1


# Assistants - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants/getAssistant
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name Assistant
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants/createAssistant
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Assistant --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants/modifyAssistant
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Assistant --name Modify
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants/deleteAssistant
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Assistant --name Delete
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/assistants/listAssistants
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListAssistants


# Threads - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/threads
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/threads/getThread
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name Thread
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/threads/createThread
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Thread --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/threads/modifyThread
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Thread --name Modify
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/threads/deleteThread
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Thread --name Delete




# Messages - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages/listMessages
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListMessages
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages/getMessage
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name Message
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages/createMessage
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Message --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages/modifyMessage
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Message --name Modify
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/messages/deleteMessage
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Message --name Delete




# Runs - https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/getRun
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name Run
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/createRun
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Run --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/modifyRun
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Run --name Modify
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/cancelRun
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Run --name Cancel
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/createThreadAndRun
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name Run --name CreateThread
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/runs/listRuns
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListRuns




# Run Steps
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/run-steps/listRunSteps
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListRunSteps
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/run-steps/getRunStep
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name RunStep




# Vector Stores
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/list
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListVectorStores
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/retrieve
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name VectorStore
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/create
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStore --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/modify
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStore --name Modify
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/delete
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStore --name Delete




# Vector Store Files
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-files/listFiles
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListVectorStoreFiles
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-files/getFile
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name VectorStoreFile
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-files/createFile
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStoreFile --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-files/deleteFile
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStoreFile --name Delete




# Vector Store File Batches
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-file-batches/listBatchFiles
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name ListVectorStoreFilesInBatch
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-file-batches/getBatch
xchange data-object new --module-id assistants-1 --name VectorStoreFileInBatch
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-file-batches/createBatch
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStoreFileInBatch --name Create
https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/vector-stores-file-batches/cancelBatch
xchange action new --module-id assistants-1 --object-name VectorStoreFileInBatch --name Cancel




_______